[AEA-722] connections readme added (#1553)
fetchai/agents-aea: aea/connections/stub/readme.md

> # stub connection
> Simple connection to deal with external systems using file as a point of data exchange
> 
> ## Usage
> Set a filenames for in/out messages, read and write data to interact with agent using stub connection

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# stub connection
A simple connection for communication with an AEA, using the file system as a point of data exchange.

## Usage
First, add the connection to your AEA project: `aea add connection fetchai/stub:0.6.0`. (If you have created your AEA project with `aea create` then the connection will already be available by default.)

Optionally, in the `connection.yaml` file under `config` set the `input_file` and `output_file` to the desired file path. The `stub` connection reads encoded envelopes from the `input_file` and writes encoded envelopes to the `output_file`.
```

# stub connection
A simple connection for communication with an AEA, using the file system as a point of data exchange.

## Usage

> First, add the connection to your AEA project: `aea add connection fetchai/stub:0.6.0`. (If you have created your AEA project with `aea create` then the connection will already be available by default.)

Reviewer 2: @DavidMinarsch this must be updated whenever the version number of `fetchai/stub` bumps up. Does the script also read from README files?

Reviewer: yes it does
